you know if your house is burning down
you're not going to just bang the fire
alarms that's not going to put the fire
out you have to get to that burning
ember so if someone is having fear
or panic or worry get to when was the
first time you felt this way
what was really going on in your life
at that time to show them that that's
not
what's happening now
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams
all right entrepreneur magazine called
today's guest an entrepreneurial force
she started building companies when she
was just 19 and now already has 10
successful companies under her belt
proving her brand of success can be
replicated she's built businesses around
her passions across a stunningly diverse
array of industries including the beauty
space homeopathy education software and
jewelry manufacturing the key to her
success she knows business realizing
that there just weren't enough hours in
the day to solve every problem through
brute force she dedicated herself to
understanding the mechanisms that
underlie any successful business these
insights allowed her not only to build
her own mind-blowing string of winning
companies but it also turned her into
one of the most potent executors and
advisors on the planet through her
different endeavors she has serviced or
guided some of the largest companies in
the world including fortune 500
behemoths such as allstate merrill lynch
ben and jerry's supercuts and many many
more her more than three decades worth
of experience in scaling companies has
seen her covered by virtually every
credible news outlet there is she's been
featured by forbes success nbc cbs and
cnn to name but a few and self-made
magazine recently named her one of the
top women entrepreneurs who inspire so
please help me in welcoming the
best-selling author of blast off and
scale or fail the trapeze artist with
nearly 20 years of high-flying
experience the business whisperer
herself allison maslin
how you doing
so great so good to have you oh my
goodness
i'm excited to be here awesome i'm
excited to have you so i had heard even
before we met i'd heard about your
trapeze experience which is pretty
insane my wife had a chance to try it
and she came back absolutely raving
about it why is that something that you
wanted to do and you used it as such a
powerful metaphor in the book
why is it important and how's it helped
you in business
well i was a gymnast growing up and
at that time i wasn't thinking about
business but i had a
gym coach that built a set of uneven
bars in my backyard made out of plastic
tubing
and i used to flip around on those
things for hours and hours on end
and so as i
became an adult and found out you could
actually fly on the trapeze i was all
over it
and i found a five generation circus
family and i've been training with them
for 20 years wow do they have like a
life philosophy or anything like a five
generation just getting people to stick
with something that long is already
pretty incredible
have you picked anything up from them
definitely i mean
dedication commitment persistence
pushing the edge
and also you know i've been doing it for
20 years and same thing with business
it's not something that you do overnight
you might hear otherwise on the internet
but uh you know it's that overnight
success story uh that took 20 years
so talk to me about pushing the edge
what do they mean by that or what do you
mean by that
i think pushing the edge is
doing things differently
it is seeing how far
you can go
and i remember
you know going back to the gymnastics
metaphor when you think of
people like olga corbett if
those remember and nadia comin each
at the time
nobody had ever scored a perfect 10.
the thought that that could even be done
they said was impossible and once nadia
coming each did that
then there was another perfect 10 and
someone else did a perfect 10. so every
time you can push your life
a little bit further
there's a breakthrough and then there's
a door that opens and a whole new
pathway opens up
it's really interesting talk to me about
what is it like the very first time
you're gonna do the trapeze and you're
climbing up what do you have to deal
with what's running through your mind
well when i think back to that first
time i was terrified
and look we're all human we all have
fear so it's not about making the fear
go away it's about facing the fear and
jumping through it but when they said
hep which means
go
my feet stuck to the platform and
uh it didn't go
i wasn't moving and so somebody on the
board just kicked me off really
literally put their foot behind my knees
and i was flying
but once i got about halfway up in the
air i was like ooh that's that familiar
feeling
and from then i i was just hooked
okay i have to ask so
we live in a world where i think we're
going to get a mixed reaction from them
kicking you onto the thing but it really
excites me and i feel like that's
something that um
a lot of people never get that in their
life and so they they get stuck at that
moment where they want to do it but just
some primitive part of their brain is
saying absolutely not
what do you think about that are you
glad they gave you that little kick yeah
i kick my clients all the time i mean
not uh literally
yeah see okay now we're just gonna get
into really weird waters but i find that
this is really fascinating and i wonder
myself so i had a moment not quite that
cool but when i didn't want to leave for
college and my mom all but kicked me out
of the house and was like you are gonna
go do this um and ended up being
tremendously valuable in my life and
i've thanked her profusely for refusing
to let me back down how do you get your
clients to push to that i'm sure that's
something especially when it comes to
business people are absolutely petrified
of either embarrassing themselves and
looking stupid or really losing money
how do you help them over that hump
well i really get to the core of what is
driving that and
i actually
give credit to that as my life as a
homeopathic physician and we might get
to that a little bit later but in
homeopathy
which is a holistic type of medicine
that treats the whole person you have to
get to the core
you know if your house is burning down
you're not going to just bang the fire
alarms that's not going to put the fire
out you have to get to that burning
ember so if someone is having fear
or panic or worry get to when was the
first time you felt this way
what was really going on in your life
at that time to show them that that's
not
what's happening now that's the past
because we are driven by our unconscious
mind 90 96 of our actions are from our
unconscious mind which develops in the
first
you know three to seven years of life so
we really need to get to that core if
you just keep telling someone do it do
it do it
they might do it for a little while but
they're not going to stick with it
i'm deeply distressed by how much of our
what i call frame of reference is
determined that early in our life um is
that a formal part of your coaching like
do you really um track back and i ask
because if you do i'd really love to
know
what's the process of questions or
whatever that helps people identify that
how often are people already aware and
they don't want to talk and then how
often is it they really don't realize
that's what's driving them
most people don't realize it i mean i'm
sure i don't realize it in the moment
it's not that you're going oh well
that's an unconscious action and that's
a conscious action right
and i think you've got to test the
waters a little bit some people are more
open than others
but most people really want change in
their life they want to have that
breakthrough they don't want to be in
that stuck place
and whether you're mentoring somebody
you know on their health or their
business
uh you know
it's
if you can help pull back the curtain
and help them see what they're capable
of and that it's you know just a few
steps in front of them
you know they're more willing to to work
with you on that
now in your book you
coin a phrase stuckness
so
how do you one is that just sort of
where people come to you at like you
know okay they're going to walk in the
door they're going to be in a stuck
place
and then how do you
get people out of that what's that kick
to the back of the legs that really
forces people to the other side
well i get two types of clients ones
that you know are stuck and they've just
been hitting this wall for years you
could be in business for 10 years 20
years
and you had good traction for a while
but you just can't get over that wall
and every year comes december they're
looking at the p l going here we are
again
or maybe just incremental growth
you know or maybe the stuckness is about
you know she's not really happy
you know i've got success but
is this all there is
and then there are those others that are
making good traction
but they want to get to the top of the
curve
a lot faster let's take that five year
plan and get it done in a year
and so
to get them unstuck
it's it really is looking for each
individual
what are your obstacles
you know if you could choose one or two
things
that would just excite you to get them
out of the way
what would they be and really dive right
into that pain point and work to
you know erase that
what i love about the things that you
put forward in the book and the really
concrete highly tactical way that you
walk people through things obviously
comes from deep personal experience not
the least of which is this stuckness
notion walk us through um
running yourself over with a car which
is pretty fascinating when i first heard
that i was like how do you do that and
then how radically you allowed that to
shift your life
my daughter was really young at the time
i was in a really unhappy marriage
and i just felt like
i was being run around by my life
like i i just felt like i didn't have
choices at that point and i had a lot of
fear
and one day
i think this is the day the universe
said we're really tired of you messing
around here and we're just gonna
give you a massive wake-up call
and so it was like 3 30 or 4 in the
afternoon
and i'm with one of my biggest ad
clients i'd been up almost all night
working on a campaign and i go oh my god
i forgot to pick up my daughter from
daycare
and
you know anyone uh
that is watching this has ever been the
last parent to pick up their child from
daycare you know it's kind of
um you know i was wrapped with guilt and
so i jump in the car and all i'm
thinking of is i got to get my daughter
i got to get my daughter so i'm racing
to get her
and the driveway was like on an incline
like this at the daycare i jump out of
the car and i s it starts rolling back
as a ford taurus
had really heavy doors
and i
jumped in like superwoman to try to
push it back into park and the door was
really heavy knocked my feet out from
underneath me and pulled me underneath
the car
and the car pulled me it rolled over my
legs
and pulled me out into the middle of the
street
and because the street kind of went up
like this
right when it got to the top which it
was literally at my face
it rolled back and that's really what
saved my life
and uh in that moment that i knew that i
was gonna make it i said
that's it
you know this is you know either it's a
hell yes
or in no way i'm out of here
and i i said i have got to live a life
that i'm passionate about i don't care
how much money that i make because this
is not
success and i walked away from that
business with nothing and i walked away
from a difficult marriage
set out in the world as a single mom
no money
no idea what i was going to do and
really happier than i've been in years
wow that's phenomenal what advice do you
have for people on the marriage side
that are in a similar situation it's not
working out anymore um
so many people stay in a relationship
because they just cannot face
the either acknowledging that they
couldn't make it work or the what if
what if i never find love again or you
know whatever the scenario is that
they're playing in their head what did
you learn through that experience that
you can pass on
yeah i mean it actually was kind of
similar to the business because
what i would tell people is never settle
in your life
and especially you know with business or
passion or opportunities it's never
going to be the right time
people stay in a career even that they
hate for years because they're so afraid
of what's on the other side i mean in a
in a marriage if there's a little more i
had a have a beautiful daughter and she
was seven years old so it was a big
decision we did a lot of counseling
there was a lot of processing
and
again same thing i really felt like i
gave it
everything that i could
and i don't regret it i don't regret
that relationship i
that was my growing up time there were a
lot of lessons
i chose that
relationship
and i feel that i needed to go through
those things that time to bring me where
i am today to give me the resilience
that i have today
yeah resiliency that that's uh
probably one of the most important
traits that i think somebody can have if
they want to be successful at anything
let alone being an entrepreneur
it's critical because that's the only
way you're going to be able to learn and
keep pushing and you know bring together
all the lessons that you're learning to
build something
what would you say is the number one
trait that's made you successful
persistence
why persistence
i say persistence is stubbornness all
dressed up
uh i was born stubborn
uh my mom will would definitely
attest to that
if i got something stuck in my head as a
kid it was it was going to happen
but the persistence part is a little bit
different i mean stubbornness can also
be an obstacle and get in your way
because as you become a leader you need
to be flexible you really need to listen
and and
and know that you don't always have the
answers you know lots of times
but persistence is that
you are so determined that you're going
to make it happen
even if it looks like all the cards are
against you even if you wake up going
there is absolutely no proof
that this is going to happen but if you
have that
persistence inside of you that you're
just gonna stick with it and you're just
gonna stick with it until it happens
it always does
it always does what's the process that
you use for that because
i loved what you said earlier and this
is something that my mom said to me when
i was a little kid as well and i think
there was a tv show with like my friend
flicka or something and the kid that
rode the horse in the show didn't know
how to ride a horse but his mom said if
anyone ever asks you an interview or an
audition if you know how to do something
just say yes we'll figure it out so they
said you know how to ride a horse he
didn't but he says yes
they you know hire him and then he goes
and learns before they shoot for the
first day and when my mom told me that
story that always stuck with me so i
love that but
many people don't know how to follow
that up with how to go learn how to ride
the horse
so
in your tenacity your perseverance
sticking through with something
what is your process and this is the
thing that i want people to really
understand about your book there's no
fluff or hype in your book you're just
like do this do this do this learn this
go here it's like it's so instructional
it's basically an instruction manual
which i love and it's one of the reasons
that i respect the book so much so what
is your process for
when you've said yes and now you have to
go learn how do you actually in an
efficient manner go learn something new
well i mean in the book you know just
backing up a little bit i
wanted to not only inspire people to
break through and to be able to scale
their business in in this last book
but i want to give them the steps to do
it you know let's make it easy business
doesn't have to be
complicated
but i think that
as far as persistence goes and once you
say yes and your backs against the wall
you're either you got two choices you
can look like a complete fool
because you kind of
oh yeah i can do this you've got to back
it up so having a little pressure on you
i think is a good thing
i know that when i was a single mom and
i had no money and i mean getting purses
and shaking them out trying to find a
few coins to be able to go get a cup of
coffee
there's something about being there
that's really good and humbling
because it makes you want that more and
to say you know what that's the impetus
that's going to push you forward
and you know i think the beginning is
ask for help i think that people feel
like asking as a sign of weakness asking
for help is a sign of weakness and i
really feel like it's a sign of strength
and it's just smart
you know if if you ask someone that's
been there and done it you know they're
walking the talk
then they're going to get you directly
to where you want to go it's like a geo
force moving you forward
to your solution
yeah it's interesting when i hear people
talk about solutions i think about one
of the most important things you had in
your book which is clarity and your
whole notion of it's either a hell yes
or
uh no way
and how does that all work together what
is the concept of hell yes or no way why
is clarity so important
yeah the hell yes or no way first came
to me you know after that accident when
i think that
when your desire for change
becomes stronger than your fear
because your fear will keep you crippled
will keep you paralyzed
but when you want it so badly
that you're like you know what fear out
of my way you know
that's really where the breakthrough
happens
and the clarity
is
it's just that
feeling inside where everything is
congruent
where the way you feel
the way you live the way every
everything on the inside your values
your beliefs are in sync they're in
alignment with what you say and put out
into the world
i think there are a lot of people that
are depressed
ill
because they're living one way but
they're feeling another and there is
this constant battle there's this
constant fight
so the clarity comes when it finally all
comes together and it just feels like
oh yeah that feels right that feels good
yeah that's
getting in that alignment is really
important i know that you walk people
through how to create that clarity in
their life how do you help people with
that and what can somebody watching now
like what kind of process can they go
through to get the level of clarity that
they're going to need
yeah so it obviously depends on what
type of clarity they're looking for but
i really like to give people the space
to do that i think that if we're like
pushing it and pushing it and
searching it doesn't always come so when
you can get yourself into a creative
space
like when you're a kid and you're just
playing and having fun
you are who you are you are in alignment
you're not doing it because you have
responsibilities or you have demands or
you're going to feel guilty if you don't
do it
you're just doing what feels right so i
think if we can take moments and part of
why i love the trapeze but whether
that's painting
or whether that's gardening or taking a
walk and really allowing
your mind to clear
that's where the best ideas come so the
first is just to clear your mind and get
to that space and
in the book i show several processes to
get to that clarity and
one of them is looking at what did you
love doing as a kid
what did you love from 0 to 12
12 to 20
and
what were
some things that
you've always wanted to do
like your bucket list but you've never
done what are your talents
you know what are your passive talents
like oh i'm really organized or i'm i'm
very compassionate or those active
talents like i play classical piano or i
know rocket science whatever whatever it
is and you start to pull
all these things together and this is
some of the things we do with our
clients whether we're helping them
create new revenue streams
uh you know or a new business all
together or taking their business to the
next level
it needs to be in alignment
with who they are
because if they're just doing it for the
money
they won't stay with it they won't give
it that persistence
that's needed in the long haul to see it
through to see it through to success
it's
what's gonna get you out of bed on the
tough days
what's gonna get you excited
when the doors are slamming in your face
what's gonna you know
get you
rah-rah for your team
when you just looked at your p l and you
can barely cover salaries
it's not going to be for the love of
money
it's got to be that deeper passion
that
bigger reason
your legacy
that is going to fuel you forward and
then that ultimately turns everything
else around because then you stick with
it and you give it that persistence
so
as you
continue to build your businesses and
take it to the next level you've gone
across so many different industries
obviously it takes an extraordinary
amount of time you must clock an
unbelievable number of hours but one
thing that you've spoken to is just
being absolutely critical is self-care
why is that so important do you think of
work life being a balance um i know you
said that that there's a real
crossover between life and work for you
but how do you integrate that in a way
that's healthy for you
well after you run over yourself
you kind of re-look at the way you're
operating and that was not healthy for
me and i would say over the years a
couple other times that i really crossed
that line not not in you know an
automobile but
uh where i was just really run down or i
had a friend going you look like hell
you know it's like okay i need to
to sleep
uh
i um
when i
the trajectory was when i
got out of the ad business i discovered
homeopathic medicine
and that actually changed my life
why is that
well uh i
had you know as i was raised in oklahoma
i my mom always took me to the doctor i
didn't even know what holistic was and
then if you had to define holistic you
gave a brief definition before but if
you really had to
break it down for somebody that's
watching that doesn't know what that
means well holistic and homeopathic are
very different and i think a lot of
people interchange and use it as the
same and it's incorrect
holistic is just mind body spirit it's
the whole picture
a homeopathic
does cover the you know it treats the
whole person but it's actually a system
of medicine that's been around over 200
years over 100 years longer than western
medicine allopathic medicine
homeopathic
means
same disease
allopathy
which is western medicine means opposite
disease
and so with homeopathy
the
the body cannot hold two like diseases
so for instance have you ever
experienced where
you might have let's say neck pain or
you you have some chronic pain and then
you get sick you get a cold and then
that pain goes away
so the body cannot hold two like
diseases so you take a substance a
homeopathic substance they're those
little tiny pellets that you get like in
whole foods right
and they are
highly diluted substances plant mineral
animal so there's not the actual
substance anymore it's the molecular
structure
and this is where
so many people
uh pooh-pooh it say you know nothing's
there but they have actually been able
to show that the water holds the
molecular memory
and so by taking a substance
that
causes
the symptoms that your body is
experiencing
one knocks out the other
that's the law of similars
and so that's really what happened to me
here i was had the car accident major
change you know leaving a marriage i had
been in for nine years my confidence was
like this
uh i was you know just
did not have a lot of clarity at the
time i had aches and pains i had tire
tracks on my legs
from the car
i went to this homeopath somebody
referred me
and she chose this one homeopathic for
me
and i took that and
it wasn't like a drug-like effect it was
just gradual over the next six months
i felt more clarity i felt confidence
i felt
excitement about life again
and
i just felt
more resilient
and i thought gosh this is incredible
and this just makes so much sense
so that's really how all my businesses
have evolved if i'm passionate about it
and i'm excited about it then i want to
delve deeper into it and that led me to
20 years
running my homeopathic practice and
building one of the largest homeopathic
schools in the country
in 1999. so going back to the self-care
what does your process look like do you
have a daily regimen like how do you
really stay in tip-top shape for me the
biggest one is sleep
because i'm a night owl and i really it
is genetic in my family we could do a
conference call with my mom my brother
my sister at 2 a.m
we would all be up
and so that's uh i finally have just
accepted i am a night owl but i really
need that seven at least seven seven and
a half hours of sleep
and so i will just plan out my week if i
know i'm going to be up late because i
get this creative burst and i allow
myself that i make sure i don't schedule
anything till a little bit later on in
the morning or late morning to get
started so that is a gift to myself i
have had the same fitness trainer for
over 20 years
and that
you know having that discipline
you know the boost of endorphins and
that's given me a lot of
over resilience over the years
and the other the biggest thing i would
say is that i only do what makes me
happy
wow
now how do you stay true to that while
building businesses
because there are inevitably times where
there's things that are not so much fun
okay let me let me back up on that
statement just a little bit
the purpose of what i'm creating i am
totally in sync with that i'm totally in
love with
there may be some instances or some
conflict you know
it's not my favorite um
that you that's just part of it
but i know
that
you know what i have what i'm doing
really has meaning to me and if i come
to a place where you know what there's a
sense of completion
i'm done
i'm ready to move on
right
so you talked about meaning just a
second ago and i think that's so
important and you in your book talk very
wonderfully about the power of
storytelling um how we conceptualize
what we're doing in the frame of a story
um walk us through that like what is the
importance of story and storytelling and
how can anybody use it in their life
i think that people don't realize the
value of their story and what is their
story
well their story can be
their journey
and there's so much wisdom in their
journey you know they say it's not about
the fall or the fail it's what you do
once you get up
that's the you know
you know that's the golden ticket so we
got to learn from our story
and uh but you don't want to then live
in your story either you don't want to
be living in the past
and there's there's the old story in the
news story i think people that are too
stuck in their story stay in this place
of being a victim
they're playing the blame game
and whatever scenario it is unless
you're a little child you've made the
choice to be there in let's say 99
percent of the cases
but i think story can is a great way to
connect us with others connect us with
community it's a great way to get your
message out there and people
remember story
if i'm on stage and i'm speaking i could
teach several things but what people are
really going to remember
is the story
and then the valuable lesson
from the story
so how do you get people to
begin to understand that their life can
be seen as a story and that the story
you get to essentially decide the
meaning of that it's not predetermined
how do you help them find the power next
i'm sure people come to you a in victim
mode right they're stuck okay we can
help them out of that but then how do
you help them reshape the same sequence
of events but to see them in a new light
that hopefully is more empowering
you know sometimes when people come in
victim mode it's hard to shift them out
really have you ever had somebody that
you couldn't get out of yeah i think
sometimes people are so they get a lot
out of staying stuck in their old story
that's interesting can you go deeper on
that what do you mean they get a lot out
of it well because maybe it created a
family dynamic that
when they're the victim everybody runs
to save them
uh you know it's maybe they didn't get
much attention as a kid and that's their
way of getting attention
or
you know or maybe it's the story that
their parents had and so they're holding
on to it with dear life
and they believe that you know
the world is a terrible place and
everyone's against them and then this
horrible thing happened and see
i told you
i told you i was right you know it is
all so bad so sometimes when they are so
wrapped that it's part of their identity
it is hard to break that
and you know
it's hard to be around people like that
i'm sure you've experienced that right
you know so i like to be around people
that
it's okay to be scared it's okay to be
stuck we're going to help you through
that but
let's at least be willing to you know
open your eyes to things try things and
be coachable
you know don't work with a coach if
you're not willing to do what they
suggest that you do
and i think too in business and it's
just
what people see and hear you know this
overnight success story like i was
saying earlier
and you have to do the work you have to
be willing to stay in the game even
though you don't see the results
happening
you just know
that you're you know a few feet from
gold
but what if you quit
and you never saw that
you know
there's
one thing that you've talked about
that really resonates with me and i
wonder how much you use it and what
particular style but what is your take
on meditation
yeah so
i
am a fan of meditation when
i can sit still like that and i did tm
for quite a long time
and it was really beneficial to me now
my husband meditates almost every day
but i just really struggled with sitting
still
you didn't want to do it or you have add
or what was the driver for that not
being easy yeah i just felt like i was
sitting there there were i was i was
wanting to do other things
i just think that my constitution likes
to be in motion so therefore
when i am on trapeze
i am in the most meditative state
that i could ever be in i mean when
you're on up in that platform time
stands still
and you you know you have to be focused
because you know you don't want to kill
yourself
but it's it really does bring you into
the state of
being so grounded even though you're up
in the air and when i come down after
you know a session of of flying for like
an hour or so
i feel my feet on the ground
it really does bring me back into
congruency
i love that
all right before i ask my last question
where can these guys find you online
well go to
my website alisonmaslin.com
or pinnacle global network which is our
mentoring company
and
[Music]
yeah
and wherever books are sold
fantastic all right my last question
what is the impact that you want to have
on the world
well i
believe i've been given this gift
to understanding business and i truly
believe that
business owners are the change makers of
the world they're the innovators they
are the inventors
and whether it's health or technology or
the environment or making people feel
more beautiful whatever it is
that
if i can
help them to break through
then it is my way of elevating
consciousness through business
one business owner at a time and
ultimately impacting millions
that's how you change the world awesome
allison thank you so much that was
wonderful
guys
the notion of breaking through i think
is so important and i think that that's
something that all of us naturally
gravitate towards we want to push
ourselves to the edge we want to get to
that next plateau and then hopefully be
on that one and be on the next one
beyond that but to do that you've really
got to have the tenacity that she's
talking about and most importantly
you've got to have some kind of road map
and that's what i was really impressed
with is her book is that road map it is
very tactical it's not fluff it's very
direct it's very clear it talks about
the things you're going to need to
instill in yourself the things you're
going to have to learn the tools you're
going to have to be armed with in order
to move forward and she walks you
through in a way where each brick stacks
on itself until at the end you really
are armed to build your own company now
the great news about the book is if you
want to build a company it's a
no-brainer but even if you don't i think
that there's a lot of information in
there that really applies
to not business and so you'll notice in
this interview i didn't really ask her a
lot about business because i think so
much of what she talks about just
applies to getting the clarity we want
in our own lives the self-care the
things that are going to apply to
everybody so it really is quite powerful
in having that systemized approach and i
think it's really extraordinary that
she's been able to do this 10 times it's
replicatable and when something's
replicatable it's teachable and i think
that's really the unique gift that she's
put something together that really is
helping people have those kind of
profound breakthroughs so i highly
encourage you guys to check it out i
think that it will give you something
that will help you have your own
breakthrough and begin to build the life
that you want
all right if you haven't already my
friends be sure to subscribe and until
next time be legendary take care
[Applause]
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential